TFKUBE-449: Troubleshooting and limitation documentation (#232)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: docs/docs/troubleshooting/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

    kubectl cp atlassian/<pod-name>:/var/atlassian/<application>/logs/<log_files> <local-path>
    ```

??? tip "How to deal with persistent volume claim destroy failed error?"

>     PVC is not able to be destroyed when bounded to pod. Scale down the pod to 0 first before deleting PVC. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The PVC cannot be destroyed when bound to a pod. Overcome this by scaling down to `0` pods first before deleting PVC. 
```

    
    `helm upgrade PRODUCT atlassian-data-center/PRODUCT --set replicaCount=0 --reuse-values -n atlassian`

> ??? tip "How to manually clean up resources when uninstall failed?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? tip "How to manually clean up resources when uninstall has failed?"
```

>     Sometimes Terraform is unable to destroy resources due to various reasons. This normally happens at EKS level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sometimes Terraform is unable to destroy resources for various reasons. This normally happens at EKS level. 
```

>     One quick solution is to manually delete EKS cluster, and re-run uninstall, so that Terraform will pick up from there. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    One quick solution is to manually delete the EKS cluster, and re-run uninstall, so that Terraform will pick up from there. 
```

>     To delete EKS cluster, go to AWS console > EKS service > the cluster you're deploying. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To delete EKS cluster, go to 'AWS console' > 'EKS service' > the cluster you're deploying. 
```

Author: I feel AWS console and EKS service is not really a button on the browser, so didn't include quotes.

    You'll need to go to 'Configuration' tab > 'Compute' tab > click into node group.
    Then in node group screen > Details > click into Autoscaling group.
    It'll then direct you to EC2 > Auto Scaling Group screen with the ASG selected > 'Delete' the chosen ASG.
    Wait for the ASG to be deleted, then go back to EKS cluster > Delete.

??? tip "How to deal with EIP AddressLimitExceeded error"

    If you encounter the below error during installation stage:

    ```shell
    Error: Error creating EIP: AddressLimitExceeded: The maximum number of addresses has been reached.
	status code: 400, request id: 0061b744-ced3-4d0e-9905-503c85013bcc

    with module.base-infrastructure.module.vpc.module.vpc.aws_eip.nat[0],
    on .terraform/modules/base-infrastructure.vpc.vpc/main.tf line 1078, in resource "aws_eip" "nat":
    1078: resource "aws_eip" "nat" {
    ```

>     Go to AWS consle > VPC service > Elastic IPs, choose the one(s) without any Association ID > Actions > Release Elastic IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Go to 'AWS console' > 'VPC service' > 'Elastic IPs, choose the one(s) without any Association ID' > 'Actions' > 'Release Elastic IP addresses'
```

Reviewer: Just thinking would an image or 2 help here?

>     Go to AWS consle > VPC service > Elastic IPs, choose the one(s) without any Association ID > Actions > Release Elastic IP addresses.

Reviewer 2: I think they can also increase the quotas with the service request.

Reviewer 2: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/elastic-ip-addresses-eip.html#using-instance-addressing-limit
